The head of the family wants to beg me for a loan, right?
Yes, but now the conditions have changed.
It's not just this woman who compensated me
You have to get on your knees and beg me to slap myself
Until I'm satisfied
So you mean we can't talk?
What's your attitude?
I want a loan now
According to my request
Take this woman to my bed
I heard that Chen Guoguo, the first beautiful woman in a family
Still a mistake
I have to try it
You are just a small bank manager
So defiant
Just a little bank manager like me
At this time, you can decide the life and death of your family
As long as I don't agree to the loan
If you start a family, you have to go bankrupt
Humph
Just a few hundred million loans
I also want to pinch me to start a family
When you get married, both upstream and downstream are urging money at the same time today.
As long as I don't make a loan
In addition to high liquidated damages
And you have a family with an entire industrial chain
It will crash overnight.
So I have to insult you
If you ravage you, you have to endure it for me